Teach these new rules
Captain, I checked
They have mastered the power system of the entire warehouse
and
They're arms dealers.
I know their purpose is clear
Name your price.
Hey
make an offer
Do you think I can take a fancy to your little money?
So what do you want?
What do you want?
You come with me
I guarantee you free electricity for one month
Just return
Zhang Jiajia's blood sample needs to be refrigerated
My medical cooler gun is running out of power
Don't worry.
I didn't expect to see you for so long
You're still so greedy
Hahaha, I know what you're going to do.
I'll go with you.
Captain, I'm going too, Team Jiang, I'm going too
Yeah, the more the merrier.
You stay and rest
Protect them
Don't worry, I'll be back when I go.
Be careful
Come on.